Hi, Mystery Recapped here.
Today I’m going to explain a fantasy film
called “The Man Without Gravity.”
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care!
The movie starts as we see a woman named Natalia
and her mother, Alina, drive through a storm
to the hospital.
The woman is in labor.
In pain, she begs her mother to drive quickly.
When they reach the hospital, a nurse at the
reception informs them that no doctors are
available at the moment.
So, she herself helps the woman.
Natalia finally gives birth but the baby doesn’t
cry.
In fact, he floats in the air like he is lighter
than it.
The three are stunned; Natalia grabs the umbilical
cord, and gently pulls him towards her.
Natalia and her mother run away with the newly
born... without providing their information
to the nurse.
Natalia is over the moon to birth such a special
child; she assumes that her baby is an angel.
At home, Natalia assumes that if he eats something,
he will stop flying.
Alina asks her who the father is, but it turns
out that Natalia doesn’t know, because she
was a prostitute.
Alina then declares that the child will not
be allowed to leave his home; she wants to
protect the baby from the cruel world outside.
The following morning, Alina wakes up to the
child sleeping on the ceiling.
She carefully brings him down.
The two name him Oscar.
Just then, four friends of Alina arrive at
their door to have a look at the newborn.
Natalia ties the baby to a crib with a belt,
and covers him with a blanket.
The women do not suspect anything; one of
them tries to pick Oscar up, but Alina doesn’t
let her, saying that the baby is fragile.
The women then leave.
The two then make the house’s ceiling comfortable
for the child, so he can sleep freely.
Alina tells people that Oscar is allergic
to the sun, so he cannot come outside.
Cut to a few years later, Oscar has grown
up into a beautiful child now.
He is still not allowed to go outside the
house by his grandmother.
His everyday life includes looking at people
through the window and watching Batman on TV.
Alina also teaches him to read and write at
home.
One day, Natalia makes him a jacket with weights
on its pockets.
This makes Oscar able to walk on the ground.
Natalia is happy, because now she can send
her son to school.
However, Alina is against him leaving the
house for his own safety.
Even when Natalia insists, Alina doesn’t
budge.
One day, Oscar is alone in his house, when
he opens the window and tries to get out of it.
When Alina and Natalia come back, they are
shocked to see the window open.
Initially, they thought Oscar had run away
from home, but apparently, Oscar’s jacket
had fallen off him and he was stuck in the
ceiling.
Not taking any chance further, Alina starts
to shut the windows permanently, but Natalia
has had enough; she wants her kid to go outside
and look at the real world.
She fights with her mother, and takes Oscar
outside that night.
While on their walk, she tells him to keep
his power a secret; to keep himself safe from
the bad guys.
He limps while walking, as he hasn’t walked
that much in life.
That day onwards, Natalia starts to take him
out every day in his jacket.
They walk hand in hand; Natalia even teaches
him to walk better.
One day, Natalia and Oscar are shopping, when
she leaves Oscar outside a store.
While he waits, he bumps into a little girl
named Agata, and drops her groceries.
The little girl is mad at him, and asks him
to help her carry the groceries to her house.
At first, Oscar hesitates, but then he agrees
to help her carry bottles.
The two walk away from the store.
They talk about several different things on
their way.
After they walk for a while, Oscar is tired
because of the weights in his pockets, so
he throws them out.
The weight of the bottles keeps him on the
ground.
But when they reach Agata’s home, she asks
him for the bottles.
Knowing that he will fly away without them,
Oscar refuses.
The two tug the bottles and eventually drop
them.
Since the weights are gone, Oscar flies up,
but thankfully is stopped by a roof.
The little girl assumes that he is a superhero,
and watches him in awe.
She gives him her backpack so that he can
stay on the ground, and promises to not tell anyone.
Natalia is at home... worried to death about
her son.
Just then, he comes home running.
He tells his mother about his new friend.
When asked if she knows about Oscar’s powers,
he lies and says that she doesn’t.
From the following day, Agata and Oscar play
together.
She comes to Oscar’s every day for playdates.
One day, Agata’s grandmother brings her
over.
As Natalia and she talk, Natalia realizes
that Agata knows about Oscar’s abilities,
so she doesn’t allow Oscar to play with
her from the next day.
Agata visits Oscar’s house every day, but
Natalia always makes up an excuse to send
her away.
One day, Agata brings her grandmother to Oscar’s.
Natalia dismisses them saying that Oscar has
to do homework, but Agata reveals that Oscar
doesn’t go to school.
The grandmother, along with other ladies in
the town, calls the police to Natalia’s house.
They demand Natalia and Alina to admit Oscar
to a school; the two agree.
It is now Oscar’s first day at school, Natalia
takes him in, but realizes that the kids are
supposed to keep their backpacks and overcoats
outside.
Saddened, she brings him back to the car,
and they come back home.
They finally decide to move to a remote town
to avoid anyone checking on Oscar's condition.
Cut to a few years later, Oscar is all grown
up now.
Alina had passed away.
The mother and the son have moved to the mountains
and live a normal life there.
Oscar always has his backpack with him.
One day, Oscar sees an advertisement on the
TV about a talent show.
The announcer urges everyone with a unique
talent to audition for the show.
He wants to take part in the show to showcase
his talent, so he decides to leave the town
without telling his mother.
A few days later, Oscar is at the talent show
where he shows everyone his flying abilities.
Everyone is amazed.
Some assume that Oscar is an angel.
Oscar attracts the attention of a talent scout
named David, who offers Oscar to be a celebrity.
David tells him that he will be called to
TV shows to showcase his talent.
Oscar’s biggest dream is to have a book
written about him, and David promises to make
that happen.
Without hesitation, Oscar signs a contract
with David.
Then David gives him the title “a man without
gravity” as his stage name.
After signing the contract, David gives him
a luxurious house as a gift.
He wants his mother to stay in the house as
well, but David forbids it.
The next day, Oscar starts performing on TV
shows and appearing as a model in magazines.
As he keeps flourishing, initially, he loves
the fun city life, but gradually he starts
feeling empty and bored.
He starts gaining a lot of fans.
To make Oscar even more famous, David deliberately
creates false stories about Oscar.
He even makes a museum about Oscar, where
he displays random items as his belongings
to profit off them.
Later Oscar protests about the media spreading
false information about him.
He doesn’t want to live his life like this
anymore.
He is bored of the celebrity’s life, so
he asks David to terminate the contract.
But just then, David mentions a publisher
wanting to meet David to write a book about him.
Hearing this, he changes his mind; his dream
of getting a book written about him is finally
coming to life.
He is beyond delighted.
However, when he goes to meet the author and
the publisher, he gets to know that they are
just interested in selling as many books as
possible for profit.
They want to exaggerate his life story, painting
him as extremely poor in his childhood and
adding false stories.
Hearing this, Oscar refuses to work with the publisher.
The following day, David invites Oscar’s
mother over, because he knows Oscar misses her.
She arrives to a party going on at Oscar’s
home.
Natalia has brought motivational quotes Oscar
used to collect back home.
Natalia is delighted to see her son, but Oscar
is visibly sad.
The next day, Oscar makes a mistake while
appearing on a live TV broadcast.
David is furious at him.
Oscar reveals that he doesn’t want to be
the man without gravity anymore.
He asks David to fake his death so he can
live a peaceful life.
The news spreads like wildfire.
Everyone talks about Oscar's death, journalists
come to Oscar's house every day to try and
interview his mother.
Days pass, and Oscar has changed his identity
to Desky.
He changes his appearance and pretends to
be handicapped, so he can tie himself to a
wheelchair when going outside.
Desky is now working as a receptionist, at
a hotel famous for prostitutes.
One Christmas eve, every room is empty except
for one.
Desky goes to check on the person in the room.
He finds the new prostitute there, who tells
him everything is fine.
As he is about to leave, the woman calls desky
by his real name, Oscar.
Oscar is surprised.
As it turns out that the woman is Agata.
She has started working as a prostitute.
They are very happy to finally meet again.
The next day, they go on a date and talk about
many things from their past.
At night they come back to Oscar’s room
and have sex.
They actually love each other, but Agatha
still hesitates to accept Oscar’s love because
of her profession.
They get into a huge fight about the situation
and Oscar leaves.
The next day, Oscar goes back to his old town
to see that the place has been deserted.
The museum they opened to display Oscar’s
belongings has been closed too.
He goes inside his old house, and stays there
for a while when suddenly someone knocks on
the door.
It is Agata dressed as her younger self.
Seeing her like that, Oscar smiles.
Cut to a few years later, Oscar and Agata
are married and live in Oscar’s childhood home.
Agata is pregnant with their child.
Oscar has started working as a window cleaner.
The movie ends as we see Oscar dresses up
as Batman... cleaning a skyscraper’s window.
He is living his childhood dream.
Subscribe for more videos like this, turn
on notifications, and leave a like to help
the channel out.
Thank you for watching.